TODO:

[ ] Improve Integration Test (Haven't started)
[ ] Help to start RESTful API in MapleCore
[X] Fix ALTO local branch bug. (Not yet)
[ ] Help to improve documents of ALTO (Everything works well)
[ ] New version of ALTO (In progress)
[X] Review Raspberry Pi User Guide

LOG:

- 8:30 to 9:30 : Review the translation of a book.

- 10:00 to 12:00 : Meeting for Maple Design.

- 14:00 to 15:00 : Meeting for ALTO Next Step.

- 15:00 to 17:00 : Take my class. And read the source code of lyle's ALTO.

- 18:00 to 18:30 : Summary the ALTO meeting.

- 18:30 to 20:00 : Take my class. And think about ECS implementation and Agenda for tomorrow meeting.

- 20:30 to 21:00 : Discuss about ECS implementation with Qiao.

- 21:00 to 23:00 : Deal with Issue#4 of MapleCore.

SUMMARY:

FOR ALTO MEETING:

Two Key Issues:

- New Architecture
- ECS Implementation

New Architecture has the highest priority.

Kai will clarify the importance of the new architecture.

ECS Implementation:

- Implement ECS in current ALTO version
- Implement ECS in new version
- Implement ECS in current ODL without modifying other modules
- Implement ECS by modifying current ODL

Workflow of ECS:

We cannot make all modules in ODL provide a `getPath` interface. There are two solutions:

1. Indicate which modules we support.
2. Make an abstract service layer to wrap other modules.

Look up FRM. It is all right.

Probing Packets Design:

The most important principle is that probing packets do not produce real traffic. So controller
do not modify the content of FRM for probing packets.

A potential implementation is to add a virtual openflow layer. And this virtual layer will always
forward openflow packets to ALTO module before to real layer. If the packet is a probing packet,
the real layer will drop this packet.

Proposal: ALTO have to be the core function of SDN. In other words, ALTO have to be able to
control the SDN, not only get the information from SDN.

AGENDA FOR TOMORROW MEETING:

- ALTO/ODL Release Plan
  - New Architecture
  - Port original service
- ECS Implementation plan
  - Workflow
  - Problem
  - Potential Design
- Cooperate with CalTech and CERN
  - What do they want?
